Notes for translators.

- We care about letter casing of the file names, even though the file systems
  in Windows are case-insensitive. We've been tried hard to find the proper
  casing of the names they are officially referred to as. So avoid changing the
  casing of them unless you know they're official.
  In particular:
  - %WinDir% (Some documentaion and INI files will refer it to as %windir% but
    this is the official casing when referred in mixed case.)
  - System32 (Before Windows Vista this was created as all-lowercase
    "system32".)
  - Sysnative (Not "SysNative")
  - SysWOW64 (Not "SysWoW64")
  - Wow6432Node (This is the case used in MSDN. Some OS versions and Microsoft
    Support articles case this key as "WOW6432Node" (especially in Windows 10
    Version 1511 (Build 10586) or later) or "Wow6432node" but we consider none
    of these official.)
  - explorer.exe (Some documentaion and registry settings will refer it to as
    "Explorer.exe" but it's always named all-lowercase in the file system.)

- In Windows 8 or later, Windows Explorer has been renamed to File Explorer. We
  keep using the old name because (1) it is more widely known, and (2) we are
  supporting old versions of Windows (2000, XP and 7), in which it is called
  Windows Explorer.

- The messages in :show_reg_write_error subroutine is designed in a way that,
  in English version, each message can be displayed in one line within the
  default 80 characters per line display. The arguments passed to this
  subroutine are all deliberately constrained to not longer than 37 characters
  (including quotation marks). If possible in your translation, please keep the
  message displayable in one line; if not, split it into two ECHO lines. Don't
  make the latter part of the message wrapped wierdly like example below.

Okay:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx:"Application.Reference /v IsShortcut"

Okay:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx:
"Application.Reference /v IsShortcut"

Not looking good (wrapped weirdly):
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx:"Application.Reference /v IsSh
ortcut"

